Questions:
Can the measurements of various protein levels be sufficient as diagnostic markers for determining diagnosis?

Project learning outcomes:
Part 1: Run PCA for 3D data visualization (HCV.m)

Part 2: 
Train a neural network on the full input data (not just the reduced 3 dimensions) and use to predict diagnosis
I will run a simple NN with 1 hidden layer with 10 activation units, 1 input and 1 output layer.
(HCV_nn.m)

Part 3:
Doing up a learning curve to diagnose for issues with bias/variance.
Optimizing parameters: Find optimal lambda for best training results.
(HCV_opt.m - WIP)



Inputs:
ALB - albumin
ALP - alkaline phosphatase
ALT - alanine amino-transferase
AST - aspartate amino-transferase
BIL - bilirubin
CHE - choline esterase
CHOL - (unable to find)
CREA - (unable to find)
GGT - gamma-glutamyl transferase
PROT - (unable to find)

Outputs:
Note: All blood donor and suspected case data removed.
1 = Hepatitis
2 = Fibrosis
3 = Cirrhosis

Hepatitis C virus is the causative agent of Hepatitis C, which can lead to chronic inflammation, with increased damage leading to excessive tissue remodelling as observed in fibrosis.
Further accumulation of such scarring results in severe scarring of the liver and greatly reduced liver function (cirrhosis).

Therapeutic interventions largely involve antiviral regimens, and are effectively controlled in most chronic cases.
The regimen differs depending on HCV genotype and presence and absence of cirrhosis, which can also determine the necessity of liver transplantation.
Since progressive fibrosis is the major cause of morbidity in chronic liver diseases, it is imperative that prognostic markers must be identified that can predict disease progression,
such that therapeutic interventions can begin early. 

Data set courtesy of:
Dua, D. and Graff, C. (2019). UCI Machine Learning Repository [http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml]. Irvine, CA: University of California, School of Information and Computer Science.

http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/HCV+data#